Minutes of the meeting of Kanyanjua’s grandsons held on 1st January 2025 at Kanyanjua’s residence.


Members present:
1. Joseph Kanyanjua.
2. Thomas Kanyanjua.
3. Dennis Gakuha.
4. Samuel Kanyanjua.
5. David Waweru.
Absent with good cause:
1. Joseph Njoroge.
Agenda:
1. Project proposal.
2. Estimates.
3. Action plan and timelines.
Minutes:
1. Opening of the meeting.
Dennis Gakuha began by introducing a proposal concerning the  humongous potential of the Tea estate bestowed to us by our beloved late grandmother. He explained that we could form an entity that would be eligible for a loan from Cooperative bank.
2.  Estimate returns.
We began by listing four potential factories to sell our tea namely: KTDA,Karirana,Ngorongo and Maramba. We then worked out an estimated price at which each factory buys a kilo including the bonus rate and estimated the yearly production to 35,000 kilos. For KTDA however we reduced this figure to 24,500 kilos due to stringent measures required by KTDA.
3. Estimated costs.
We also worked out total projected expenses which included the following items: pruning, fertiliser, weedkiller, weeding(labour) and levelling and totalled to about 100,000.
4. Choosing a factory.
Thomas proposed KTDA due to high returns whereas Dennis proposed Ngorongo due to its ease of operations. Eventually members settled on seeking registration from both factories with KTDA as our main factory and Ngorongo as our backup factory for periods when the tea produced was not of KTDA quality.
5. Action plan. 
Samuel was mandated with bringing Joseph Njoroge up to speed in order for Joseph to kickstart the registration of a legal entity. Dennis was to prepare a presentation based on the estimates discussed whereas Thomas was to begin background research on the factory requirements for registration. 
6. Date of the next meeting.
It was agreed that the next meeting would be held on 18/01/2025, where all the members tasked with actionables would present their results.
7. AOB.
One member noted that the prevailing atmosphere of collaboration was in line with what the late Sabina Njeri Kanyanjua wanted for all of us. Another member also noted that having two accounts from two factories would give us an opportunity to venture into the tea brokerage business in future. There was also mention of formation of a committee/board which would be in line with Joseph Njoroge’s guidelines on the nitty-gritties of formation of a legal entity. This would be a key agenda in the next meeting.